"Give me a woman who truly loves beer and I will conquer the world."
Kaiser Wilhelm II
"I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts, and beer."
Abraham Lincoln
"Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy."
Benjamin Franklin
"Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza."
Dave Barry
"A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure."
Czech Proverb
"I would kill everyone in this room for a drop of sweet beer."
Homer Simpson
"Properly treated, beer is liquid bread."
G.K. Chesterton
"I have measured out my life with coffee spoons."
T.S. Eliot
"I would like to find a stew that will give me heartburn immediately, instead of at three o'clock in the morning."
John Barrymore
"In a world where the quality of beer is so often sacrificed for quantity, it's a pleasure to find a pub that knows how to do it right."
Michael Jackson
"Good people drink good beer."
Hunter S. Thompson
"Life is too short to drink bad beer."
Unknown author
"A cold beer on a hot day, and a hot beer on a cold day. Either way, it's just right."
Unknown author
"Beer is the answer to all of life's problems."
Unknown author
"Beer is not a good cocktail-party drink, especially in a home where you don't know where the bathroom is."
Billy Carter
"I am a great believer in drinking at the right time. And the right time is anytime you're thirsty."
Brendan Behan
"I would give all my fame for a pot of ale, and safety."
William Shakespeare
"Beer is not a drink, it's a way of life."
Unknown author
"I have drunk since I was fifteen and few things have given me more pleasure."
Winston Churchill
"If you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose."
Jack Handy
Qui bibit, dormit. Qui dormit, non peccat. Qui non peccat, ibit ad Paradisum. (He who drinks, sleeps. He who sleeps, does not sin. He who does not sin, goes to Paradise.)
Unknown author